is a transformative thing. If you read it, I hope you can get that sense as you read the songs.
It transforms from fear to having this relationship to being transformed on the other side
to live freely. It transforms from isolation into intimacy and relationship. It transforms from shame to
boldness. A truly transcendent experience of love will change your life.
from the sexual relationship
of who are our relationship with God.
If this song is trying to indicate to us
that you have to be fully known
in order to be fully loved,
there is a promise and a wonderful truth
that we all can experience the fullness
of both of those things,
that the God who has created us,
the God of the universe who has known us,
even from before time again,
who knitted us in our mother's womb
who has made us,
who has seen us,
who has seen every moment of our lives,
who has been with us,
who has been walking with us,
that God who sees us,
knows everything already, and fully loves you.
Any moment of guilt, any moment of shame,
any moment of, I'm dirty, I'm worthless, I'm,
I'm unlovable, any moment we have like that,
we have a need inside of us to say,
we need to be loved, and God, the transcendent God,
God, the excellent God, God, the most high,
sees us, knows us, sees our shame,
our guilt, our marks, our dirtiness,
and says, I love you.
And that is our hope, that hope of transformation
from fear to freedom, from isolation to relationship,
from shame to bonus, the hope that we have for that
is to know the God who has sacrificed His Son for us
and for us to be in that loving relationship with Him.